feat(extension-callout): add configurable emoji (#980)
remirror/remirror: .changeset/heavy-fishes-hammer.md

---
'@remirror/extension-callout': minor
'@remirror/styles': minor
'@remirror/theme': minor
---

> Added configurable emoji at the front of callout extension. Added a new type 'blank' to callout extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added configurable emoji to the start of the `CalloutExtension`. 
- Added a new type 'blank' to the `CalloutExtension`.
```
